<h1> Project Title : ALTimate (in progress) </h1>
<h1> Team name : Loser </h1>
<h1>Project Description </h1>
ALTimate is a mobile application that helps users stop losing time and money on something that they do not want. There are three basic steps that users go through : setting up a goal, keeping track of lost time & money, weekly / monthly update showing what user could have done with this lost money and time. The setting up goal is consisted of two simple questions, one asking why are you losing time and the other is why are you losing money. For time, user can choose one specific website. It canbe social networking websites or any other website that they put address on. For money, user can choose among cigarettes, coffee, alcohol, chocolate or any other products that they binge buy. After setting up a goal stage, Altimate keeps track of time that user spends on the website and keep the purchase record of the certain item. When the items are chosen, Altimate shows one cool possible adventure that user could have done with the time and money spent on things that user had chose. It shows a weekly update as well as monthly update. For instance monthly udpate will start with this text, ‘With the lost money and time, you could have a 3 relaxing holiday in San Francisco biking around the bay area and enjoying fresh seafood in a terrace full of sunshine.’ After this inspiring text, the app will show a brief frequency graph about how time & money got lost due to the certain items.
